apply without frack on the telecom
to make music myself
They were Germany's most important band
they were the musical role models
The 80s for me were undoubtedly always
the greatest and the forefathers of techno
I thought that actually still the
to be heard next ten years if
But then it ended and that was that
end of fractus I have something again
from the bank belonged to that should be
change now because a film team makes
looking for the
Mysterious band of plan one
reunion of fractus that's my that
is my music
what will happen when the
founding members after more than 25 years
meet again
so harmless
will unquestionably do it together again
to attempt
could you find a reunion
introduce reunification no what
you have it is something very whole
special something very big idea
ask, it's much bigger than you
had itself but in a responsible
to the people out there so what
I've got the back
Electro shocker from the eighties
have been standing for more than 25 years
back up
a little bit more than files too
mark and bring yes we have
all said I do not want an easy way
so that a couple banged but 2012
becomes the year of fractus
Do you want us actually factor yes